https://alondonmiscellany.wordpress.com/2021/12/13/humumms/
It seems by the time John Rigg was plying his trade the Humumms had expanded to the buildings next door to include rooms which a gentleman could rent by the hour, the day or even as a resident. One person who resided there was a Parson Cornelius Ford. Ford seems to have been a less than virtuous member of the clergy and the reason that we know about him is that he was Dr Johnson’s cousin.


A Midnight Modern Conversation by William Hogarth (1795)
The speculation is that Parson Ford was encamped at the Humumms in order to help save the souls of the poor unfortunate ladies that plied their trade on the premises, a sort of an in house vicar. This may be true but it seems that the good parson probably elicited the Ladies favours in return for spiritual guidance. In the engraving above Cornelius Ford is immortalised by Hogarth. The scene takes place in St John’s Coffee House, Shire Lane near Temple Bar, and portrays the final throes of a raucous evening of drinking, debate, and mild debauchery among a large group of men. Third from the right smoking a pipe and casually playing with the ladle from the punch bowl in front of him is Cornelius Ford.

A Life of debauchery finally caught up with Ford and he died in harness as it were, on the premises. Dr Johnson relates a tale following Ford’s death that was catalogued by his biographer Boswell. Apparently a couple of days following Fords death a waiter at the Humumms returned to work after an absence knowing nothing of the parson’s demise. On arrival he went down into the cellars and there encountered Parson Ford. The waiter had cause to go back into the cellar an hour or so later and again saw the parson. On returning to the ground floor he mentioned the encounter to a colleague asking why the parson should choose to be in the cellar. When told that the parson had died a couple of days previously the waiter collapsed and developed a fever that lasted several days. When recovered he said that he had been visited by Ford who had asked him to pass a message to some ladies of his acquaintance although the waiter would not say who they were and what the message was. He came back, and said he had delivered the message, and the women exclaimed, “Then we are all undone!” 
__________________
https://ia803007.us.archive.org/30/items/ghostsoflondon00odon/ghostsoflondon00odon.pdf
pp201-gt5w202
One of the most famous ghost stories of London is associated with Covent Garden. In bygone years there stood in the south-east corner of Covent Garden Market two hotels, known respectively as " Old Hummums " and " New Hummums." The name Hummum is a corruption ofthe Turkish word Hamam or Humoum, a bath, and originally the hotels so named were hot-houses, that is to say houses containing hot sweating baths, or what are now styled Turkish baths. The custom of taking hot sweating baths was introduced into England several centuries ago and became, for a time, extremely fashionable (allusion to them may be seen in one of Ben Jonson's plays) ; but, after a while, they fell into disrepute, owing to their being frequented by bad characters of both sexes, and they were eventually suppressed. The two hot-houses in question were converted into hotels, probably at the beginning of the eighteenth century, and remained as such until they were pulled down. The "Old Hummums " was demolished in 1881, and on its site was erected a large modern hotel, styled simply " The Hummums." I have not been able to ascertain when the " New Hummums " disappeared, but probably it was some years later. It was the " Old Hummums " that was the scene of what the illustrious Dr. Johnson described as " the best accredited ghost story that he had ever heard." No book ofLondon ghosts would be complete without it. When Dr. Johnson and Boswell were visiting Mrs. Thrale at Streatham one day, the following incident, recorded by Boswell, from whose account of it I will quote, took place. " Among the numerous prints pasted on the walls of the dining-room at Streatham was Hogarth's Modern Midnight Conversation. I asked him (Johnson) what he knew of Parson Ford, who makes a conspicuous figure in the riotous group. Johnson said, ' Sir, he was my acquaintance and relation ; my mother's nephew. He had purchased a living in the country, but not simoniacally. I never saw him but in the country. I have been told he was a man of great parts ; very profligate, but I never heard he was him ; impious.' " Boswell goes on to tell us that he next asked Johnson if there was not a story of Ford's ghost having appeared, and Johnson replied, " Sir, it was believed. A waiter in The Hummums, in which house Ford died, had been absent for some time, and returned, not knowing that Ford was dead. Going down to the cellar, according to the story, he met going down again, he met him a second time. When he came up, he asked some ofthe people of the house what Ford could be doing there. They told him that Ford was dead. " The waiter took a fever, in which he lay for some time. When he recovered he said he had a message to deliver to some women from Ford ; but he was not to tell what, or to whom. He walked out ; he was followed, but somewhere about St. Paul's they lost him. He came back and said he had delivered the message, and the women exclaimed, * Then we are all undone.' " Continuing, Boswell says : " Dr. Pellet, who was not a credulous man, inquired into the truth of this story, and he said the evidence was irresistible." Not relying entirely on Dr. Johnson or Dr. Pellet, however, Boswell, it seems, caused inquiries to be made at The Hummums itself, and at first the proprietors of the establishment were reluctant to say anything ; but they finally admitted that the story about the waiter was true. Boswell concludes his reference to it with these remarks : " To be sure the man (i.e. the waiter) had a fever, and this vision may have been the beginning of it. But if the message to the women, and their behaviour upon it, were true as related, there was something supernatural. That rests upon his word, and there it remains."