Before	> London (Exeter)> Mr. Peter Hawkins	< Found a house, named 'Carfax' for Dracula at Purfleet, located right next to the asylum. Harker's notes: "“At Purfleet, on a by-road, I came across just such a place as seemed to be required, and where was displayed a dilapidated notice that the place was for sale. It is surrounded by a high wall, of ancient structure, built of heavy stones, and has not been repaired for a large number of years. The closed gates are of heavy old oak and iron, all eaten with rust.
“The estate is called Carfax, no doubt a corruption of the old Quatre Face, as the house is four-sided, agreeing with the cardinal points of the compass. It contains in all some twenty acres, quite surrounded by the solid stone wall above mentioned. There are many trees on it, which make it in places gloomy, and there is a deep, dark-looking pond or small lake, evidently fed by some springs, as the water is clear and flows away in a fair-sized stream. The house is very large and of all periods back, I should say, to mediæval times, for one part is of stone immensely thick, with only a few windows high up and heavily barred with iron. It looks like part of a keep, and is close to an old chapel or church. I could not enter it, as I had not the key of the door leading to it from the house, but I have taken with my kodak views of it from various points. The house has been added to, but in a very straggling way, and I can only guess at the amount of ground it covers, which must be very great. There are but few houses close at hand, one being a very large house only recently added to and formed into a private lunatic asylum. It is not, however, visible from the grounds.”"
>> Dracula's requirement : "Old and big" "With Chapel" "Plenty of Shade and Shadows"
			> British Museum	> Research on Transylvania: "In the population of Transylvania there are four distinct nationalities: Saxons in the South, and mixed with them the Wallachs, who are the descendants of the Dacians; Magyars in the West, and Szekelys in the East and North. I am going among the latter, who claim to be descended from Attila and the Huns. This may be so, for when the Magyars conquered the country in the eleventh century they found the Huns settled in it. I read that every known superstition in the world is gathered into the horseshoe of the Carpathians, as if it were the centre of some sort of imaginative whirlpool; if so my stay may be very interesting. (Mem., I must ask the Count all about them.)" // About Bistritz: "Fifty years ago a series of great fires took place, which made terrible havoc on five separate occasions. At the very beginning of the seventeenth century it underwent a siege of three weeks and lost 13,000 people, the casualties of war proper being assisted by famine and disease."
			> Travel shaving equipment (including a mirror)

Locations 	> Mr. Hawkins's Offices (Sollicitor)	> Office 	> Learn of assignment (find property, validate on site) / Hawkins accepts Carfax, sends Harker to Transylvania (I will leave tomorrow)
							> Catalog room 	> Find available properties
		> Carfax				> Outside	> Observe all requirement (and notes)
		> British Museum			> Library	> Research on the people and place + travel road
		> Train station (make generic)		> Purchase tickets, take the train
		> Harker's apartment			> One room	> Wake up and ponder about sollicitor's exam / come back to pack
		> Mina's schoolhouse			> Garden	> Tell Mina you got the title, we can get married (she is learing shorthand and typewriter to be useful to him after marriage) / Tell her you must travel to Transylvania (marry after) - she asks for recipes, informs him that she will travel to Whitby after the schoolyears ends, with Lucy who will already be there by then (send letter to the house at the Crescent)
Estimated departure from London: April 30th (travel time estimate 20h (modern time: 8h))

1st May	> Munich (left at 8:35PM)
2 May	> Vienna (arrived at 7:46, an hour late), expected lenght on ticket : 10h (modern time: 4h)
	> Budapest (halt)
	> Klausenburgh (arrived after dark) > Hotel Royale (supper: paprika hendl " had to drink up all the water in my carafe, and was still thirsty") "smattering of German very useful here"
	>> "I slept and was wakened by the continuous knocking at my door" > "I had for breakfast more paprika, and a sort of porridge of maize flour which they said was “mamaliga,” and egg-plant stuffed with forcemeat, a very excellent dish, which they call “impletata.”" // "I had to hurry breakfast, for the train started a little before eight, or rather it ought to have done so, for after rushing to the station at 7:30 I had to sit in the carriage for more than an hour before we began to move."
3 May 	> Bistritz "It was on the dark side of twilight when we got to Bistritz" // "Count Dracula had directed me to go to the Golden Krone Hotel, which I found, to my great delight, to be thoroughly old-fashioned, for of course I wanted to see all I could of the ways of the country. I was evidently expected, for when I got near the door I faced a cheery-looking elderly woman in the usual peasant dress—white undergarment with long double apron, front, and back, of coloured stuff fitting almost too tight for modesty. When I came close she bowed and said, “The Herr Englishman?” “Yes,” I said, “Jonathan Harker.” She smiled, and gave some message to an elderly man in white shirt-sleeves, who had followed her to the door. He went, but immediately returned with a letter:—

“My Friend.—Welcome to the Carpathians. I am anxiously expecting you. Sleep well to-night. At three to-morrow the diligence will start for Bukovina; a place on it is kept for you. At the Borgo Pass my carriage will await you and will bring you to me. I trust that your journey from London has been a happy one, and that you will enjoy your stay in my beautiful land.

“Your friend,
“Dracula.”"
	> Borgo Pass (leads to Castle Dracula)
